README.md, before:

# LUT Front End Course

This repository is made by Thien Nhan Nguyen, student email is: Thien.Nhan.Nguyen@student.lut.fi

This repository contains 2 folders: CourseWork and Project

The link to the project I completed: [https://bn-myporfolio-html-css.netlify.app/](https://bn-myporfolio-html-css.netlify.app/)

The link to a video of project running: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nwQceAbpQBz-0c2UOvkpDeb7jLfMqqW2/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nwQceAbpQBz-0c2UOvkpDeb7jLfMqqW2/view?usp=sharing)

## Coursework
This folder is implemented according to the [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYzHS-n2gqU&list=PLillGF-RfqbYoGoCjKoMOkVznV6aSXKzU) on Youtube from LUT. 
Inside this folder also contain a diary.txt ![Diary Image](./CourseWork/dist/img/diary.PNG) file which is what I have learnt through these videos.
## Project
This folder is made to show my own project according to the knowledge I learned through CourseWork.

## Installation

Use npm package for installation to run the project.
```bash
npm install
```
Use npm run sass to see the changes made in scsss files and compiled to css files .
```bash
npm run sass
```
## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

added the learning diary pdf file according to template from LUT

README.md, after:

# LUT Front End Course

This repository is made by Thien Nhan Nguyen, student number is: x106928, student email is: Thien.Nhan.Nguyen@student.lut.fi

This repository contains 2 folders: CourseWork and Project

The link to the project I completed: [https://bn-myporfolio-html-css.netlify.app/](https://bn-myporfolio-html-css.netlify.app/)

The link to a video of project running: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nwQceAbpQBz-0c2UOvkpDeb7jLfMqqW2/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nwQceAbpQBz-0c2UOvkpDeb7jLfMqqW2/view?usp=sharing)

## Coursework
This folder is implemented according to the [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYzHS-n2gqU&list=PLillGF-RfqbYoGoCjKoMOkVznV6aSXKzU) on Youtube from LUT. 

Inside this folder also contain a diary.txt ![Diary Image](./CourseWork/dist/img/diary.PNG) file which is what I have learnt through these videos.

This folder also include the PDF file for learning diary(FrontEndCourse_learning_diary.pdf) according to the template from LUT.
## Project
This folder is made to show my own project according to the knowledge I learned through CourseWork.

## Installation

Use npm package for installation to run the project.
```bash
npm install
```
Use npm run sass to see the changes made in scsss files and compiled to css files .
```bash
npm run sass
```
## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
